hello friends in this video I'll show you
my top 8 games for sony ericsson and
He did hear to be honest, I did not
they like the top that there is in the good line
let's start put 8 street fighter at
palante bueno does not have good graphics
but since it's from the street saga
fighter is good but nothing else has 5
characters in arcade mode but they are
I recommend post 7 it's about iron man
2 landis cap seriously has good
graphics but nothing else looks
forward does not look to the right or to the
left or by the devil but they are
I recommend posts 6 is the sonic fucking
a lease does not have good graphics but
it's about the day you're sonic and
night you are sonning wolf has many
levels and I recommend them put 5 you
it's about 'assassin's creed' one does not have
so many graphics but they have many
forms of murder I recommend them
position 4 is about zombie infection 2
it's a zombie game as a resident
evil 5 are you and another giving them promo to
the zombies I recommend them
well we got to the three finalists
32nd place
bronze is about 'assassin's creed'
3 I explain why he is in this
put because nothing else has 7 levels
but it's very good I recommend them then
all that is the silver one is about gang
starr 3 landis cap is a good game
a lot of graphics but you do not have any more
you have to steal them or they give them to you in
the missions and has one other mission
similar to san andreas , position 1 is
for the gold is for so so so so
those asins believe revelations is a game
it's very good many addictive graphics and
I recommend them for my next top
will be 10 wait what if they have games
good for did tell me what they are and
I'll put them in the video if they want these
games go to how to download games for
cellular without and that eriksson stew ln
the first one who makes them are called
block in 2020 until the next I am
111 point universes comment and subscribe
sayings xd xd xd xd